Gamification App for Commissions
Lightweight Commissions App
This will be a side by side extension to Commissions App.
This will not be an in App extension.
It will have a chatbot integrated or FAQs(demo using chatbot shown)
We can estimate the commissions at the quotation stage. 
Based on each person's role the view will be different.
Cloud Connector for on-premise customers?


SAP Graph wraps the APIs of existing products into a single harmonized API layer across 
the existing source systems.

CORS Issue(Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) - (cross-origin request) - this may have been resolved in the SAP Build app.

For example a sales rep will see his commission's earnings, targets, estimates and other KPIs.
The Sales Manager however should be able to see his subordinates earnings, targets, estimates etc, along with his own KPIs.


Question is how are we going to calculate the Commissions? Using the pipepline API? The current one is slightly slow and also not accurate is what I heard.
or are we going to deploy a ML algorithm which will predict the commissions based on commissions generated in the past(which may not be accurate)


Another thing I'd like to point out here is we'd need to try and analyze the commissions data a lot more. Say someone like a data scientist to try and analyze
if we can unearth hidden information in the commissions data which can provide some insights that may be used to increase the productivity and efficiency of the business.
At this point in time I'm not exactly able to tell you what we are going to achieve out of it ,may be we can build a new ML model that can replace the modeller that we currently 
have.

We are only scratching the surface, however there is always some hidden information in the huge volumes of data which can prove to be a game changer. 
Get more insights on why a certain product is doing relatively well, or why a certain agent is performing better than the others

https://adapter-gateway.mps.kyma.cloud.sap/v1/applications/signingRequests/info?token=2Us-DJzy74_BZQIA87xrZBjlO4jjEIEJOLjYIMGf9-n60eZqEA3Dwao3dmQQ120eVlC8PmDRKMO4W_VpMaKp4Q==